D:\Profiles\masvends\OneDrive - Sopra Steria\Twistr\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.deps.json
D:\Profiles\masvends\OneDrive - Sopra Steria\Twistr\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.runtimeconfig.json
D:\Profiles\masvends\OneDrive - Sopra Steria\Twistr\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.runtimeconfig.dev.json
D:\Profiles\masvends\OneDrive - Sopra Steria\Twistr\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.dll
D:\Profiles\masvends\OneDrive - Sopra Steria\Twistr\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.pdb
D:\Profiles\masvends\OneDrive - Sopra Steria\Twistr\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Profiles\masvends\OneDrive - Sopra Steria\Twistr\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
D:\Profiles\masvends\OneDrive - Sopra Steria\Twistr\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.AssemblyInfo.cs
D:\Profiles\masvends\OneDrive - Sopra Steria\Twistr\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.dll
D:\Profiles\masvends\OneDrive - Sopra Steria\Twistr\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.pdb
d:\Temp\Twistr\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.deps.json
d:\Temp\Twistr\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Temp\Twistr\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.runtimeconfig.dev.json
d:\Temp\Twistr\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.dll
d:\Temp\Twistr\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.pdb
d:\Temp\Twistr\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Temp\Twistr\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Temp\Twistr\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Temp\Twistr\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.dll
d:\Temp\Twistr\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.pdb
c:\Users\Martin\Downloads\Twistr - 28.11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.deps.json
c:\Users\Martin\Downloads\Twistr - 28.11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Martin\Downloads\Twistr - 28.11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\Martin\Downloads\Twistr - 28.11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.dll
c:\Users\Martin\Downloads\Twistr - 28.11\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.pdb
c:\Users\Martin\Downloads\Twistr - 28.11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Martin\Downloads\Twistr - 28.11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Martin\Downloads\Twistr - 28.11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Martin\Downloads\Twistr - 28.11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.dll
c:\Users\Martin\Downloads\Twistr - 28.11\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.pdb
d:\Dropbox\Twistr\solver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Dropbox\Twistr\solver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Dropbox\Twistr\solver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Dropbox\Twistr\solver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.dll
d:\Dropbox\Twistr\solver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.pdb
d:\Dropbox\Twistr\solver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.deps.json
d:\Dropbox\Twistr\solver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Dropbox\Twistr\solver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.runtimeconfig.dev.json
d:\Dropbox\Twistr\solver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.dll
d:\Dropbox\Twistr\solver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.pdb
d:\Workspace\Twistr\solver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.deps.json
d:\Workspace\Twistr\solver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Workspace\Twistr\solver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.runtimeconfig.dev.json
d:\Workspace\Twistr\solver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.dll
d:\Workspace\Twistr\solver\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.pdb
d:\Workspace\Twistr\solver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Workspace\Twistr\solver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Workspace\Twistr\solver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Workspace\Twistr\solver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.dll
d:\Workspace\Twistr\solver\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Twistr.pdb
